I am pleased to announce that Jansen will be joining CCY. in the coming weeks. After a lengthy search, Jansen has been selected to be our next Chief Financial Officer. CCK will oversee a smooth transition and the training of Jansen to accelerate his learning curve into our industry segment. As many of you know CCK continues his path to retirement, so it is with mixed emotions that I make this announcement.
Jansen is quite familiar with our operation as a result of his employment with Queensborough National Bank & Trust so he certainly comes to us as no stranger.
Hopefully, this will help him integrate into the team even faster. XX has over 10-years of commercial banking experience. He holds a B.B.A  in Finance from the University of Georgia and a Graduate Degree in Banking from Louisiana State University.
He started his career with SunTrust Bank and has spent the last 5-years building one of the largest and most profitable portfolios in Queensborough’s history. XX has also served our community as a Board Member for our local American Red Cross chapter for the past 5-years. While on the Board, he led the most successful fundraiser in the chapter’s history. His dedication and service propelled him to be the youngest recipient of the Volunteer of the Year Award for our local chapter. XX has been a member of Warren Baptist Church for 14-years where he attends with his wife and three daughters.
It is worth noting that you should not let the starched suit-wearing banker persona fool you. He is an outdoorsman and enthusiast of our product categories. I have used his eye for detail to evaluate our product in the past and placed great value on his comments. He grew up hunting, fishing, and riding ATVs. He has a real passion for the outdoors and the products that we work with every day. He fully understands the importance of controlling the customer experience both with the rider of our products as well as the dealers we serve. I am excited to have Jansen on our team and look forward to him joining us near the end of March. Please join me in welcoming him when the time comes.
